Eduard cheers what happened in
the early morning of Bogota very good night
to pablo, good morning, good morning,
all news viewers
snail then this assault on a car of
public service happened on 32nd Street
with avenue boyacá says the driver of
the bus that apparently all three
criminals climbed the sector of the
terminal study during all
trip along boyacá avenue
analyzing the behavior of their
passengers and on the first avenue of
May with Boyacá took out their weapons
whites intimidated one of the
passengers refused to deliver their equipment
cell phone was there when he was attacked
with the white weapon the criminals
they escaped but one of them who tried
pass the boyacá Avenue was hit
for a motorcycle see yourselves
what happened to alias little luck one
of the alleged criminals that according to
the police had already stolen other cars
of service that do not teach
this man was hit by a
motorcycle then they stab a
man in the middle of a robbery a bus
on boyacá avenue with street 32 ​​south
the known subject with the alias of little
luck in the company of two more bandits
Assaulted at least 19 passengers
that they were heading in this collective towards
the south of the city
terminal
open the door and ran over this passenger
who refused to deliver his cell phone was
hurt by the criminal
the driver opened the car doors
when he realized the robbery the three thieves
they jumped the register and escaped one
of them tried to pass the boyacá avenue
without noticing the motorcycle that
he brought to life he came from the bus
but the thief
the robbery
this is the weapon that remains in
power of the traffic police and the
which the alleged offender attacked
one of the passengers of the bus
doctors of the secretary of health
attended to little luck and what
They were referred to a hospital
after his recovery he will be put
to order of the prosecution